You can access the live version at http://activeprompt.herokuapp.com/

== ActivePrompt (working title)

ActivePrompt (actual name still to be found) is intended to be an extremely quick way for teachers to throw out a prompt and collect guesses from students.  Initially the prompts have the form of a picture and a dot - the teacher can ask students to guess where the dot should go, and all student answers are compiled on the teacher's screen.

I (rileylark) started this because I love the idea and I needed to learn Ruby on Rails & Javascript.  I actively want help making this better and envision spending most of my time helping you make the project better.  Check out https://github.com/rileylark/activeprompt/issues to see the issues and email me at rileylark@gmail.com if you're interested in becoming a project admin!  Otherwise just fork the project and send me a pull request when you've got something!

== Development Setup Instructions

This is a ruby on rails app that uses postgres.  Postgres is required by heroku, unfortunately, and it's sort of difficult to get set up.  I hope the following will be a complete setup guide.  Send me a note or a pull request with instruction fixes!

1. Get ruby and rails set up: http://railsinstaller.org/
2. Get git set up: https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git
3. Click "Fork" on the activeprompt repository so you can make whatever changes you want: https://github.com/rileylark/activeprompt
4. Follow github's instructions to download ("clone") the code from your new fork (your "repository")
5. Run "rails s" in the directory of the repository you cloned
6. With a browser go to http://localhost:3000 to see the app
7. Change the code, commit it with git, and push it back to github
8. Send me a pull request when you're done with a change and I can merge it back into the master branch!

== I'm eager to help you work on this

I have no doubt that the instructions above won't work perfectly for you on the first try.  Sorry!  Don't spend hours searching the internet - I just did all that to learn this myself.  Send me an email at rileylark@gmail.com so I can help.
